Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'Results of simulation analysis indicate that maize yields in monsoon season are adversely affected due to rise in atmospheric temperatures in all three regions (Fig. 2a).'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'Grain yield decreased with each degree rise in atmospheric temperature.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'However, a 20% increase in rainfall is projected to offset the yield loss due to 1°C rise in temperature.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'Similarly, a 30% increase in rainfall is predicted to offset the adverse impact of 2°C rise in temperature.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'In this region, increase in rainfall is likely to offset the temperature rise up to 0.75°C and any increase beyond this temperature will adversely impact the yields, in spite of increase in rainfall.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'A 10% increase in rainfall will offset the reduction in yield due to 1°C rise in temperature in this region.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'The benefits are projected to be high in mild water stress conditions, but they are likely to reduce in severe water stress situations (Table 3).'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'Table 3 Influence of atmospheric carbon dioxide concentration on maize yields in rainfall deficit conditions during monsoon season'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'In UIGP, rise in temperatures up to 2.7°C is likely to improve the maize yields.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'The climate change scenario outputs of HadCM3 model on minimum and maximum temperatures and rainfall; CO₂ concentrations as per Bern CC model for 2020, 2050 and 2080 were coupled to InfoCrop-MAIZE model.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'In the event of further increase in temperature to about 2.7°C, the reduction in yields can be offset only if rainfall is increased or more irrigation is provided.'
Excluded record from description (lacks Crop Type or Crop Yield directly): 'In conclusion, both drought and high temperature significantly reduce the yield of maize crop during monsoon season in IGP.'
Record for Crop Yield '-25' from 'However, in 2080 scenario, yields are projected to be reduced by 25% from current yields.' has 3 out of 7 non-focus fields as N/A (>30% sparsity).
Record for Crop Yield '-50' from 'However, by 2080, yields are projected to decline by 50% from current levels.' has 3 out of 7 non-focus fields as N/A (>30% sparsity).
Record for Crop Yield '-40' from 'The average yield is projected to decrease by 40% due to drought in rainfed conditions.' has 3 out of 7 non-focus fields as N/A (>30% sparsity).
Record for Crop Yield '1.5' from 'Maize crop during winter is provided with assured irrigation and thus yields about 1.5 times more' has 5 out of 7 non-focus fields as N/A (>30% sparsity).
Record for Crop Yield '2' from 'The mean baseline yield of rainfed maize crop is about 2 Mg ha⁻¹ in UIGP' has 3 out of 7 non-focus fields as N/A (>30% sparsity).